There are three types of Cloud Computing.
Infrastructure as a service,
infrastructure as a service,
platform as a service,
and software as a service.
Infrastructure as a service is when the provider supplies a Virtual Server instance,
storage and mechanisms for you to manage the servers.
Examples include Amazon Web Services or AWS,
Rackspace, Digital Ocean and Iron Mountain etc.
Platform as a service.
This is when development tools are provided
that are hosted on a provider's infrastructure.
So they manage the hardware and operating system.
You focus on managing and deploying applications.
Examples of this are GoDaddy, salesforcesforce.com etc.
Software as a service,
this deliver software applications over
the Internet that are run and managed by the service provider.
Examples of this include Google's Gmail or Microsoft's Office 365.